hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you a comedy science fiction film the
memoirs of an Invisible Man
nick is a stock analyst who spends most
of his life avoiding connections with
other people he visits his favorite bar
as usual where his friend George
introduces him to Alice a TV documentary
producer sharing an instant attraction
they make out in the ladies room and set
a lunch date for Friday the following
day at the seminar held by a laboratory
it leaves the boring presentation and
asks the way for the restroom which
accidentally makes a lab technician
spill his mug of coffee onto the
computer console causing a dramatic
meltdown everybody inside the building
are soon evacuated out for safe except
for Nick who's napping and so left
behind the entire building seems to
explode with blazes but instead by the
time Nick wakes up only finds himself
surrounded by a bizarre building which
is rendered partially invisible due to
the big explosion he then feels
astonished by his invisible look even in
his dress he tries to ask for help while
people on the ground can't do anything
but get shocked by a moving hat hung in
the air Nick is soon transferred to an
ambulance the CIA agents joke about how
Nick will spend the rest of his life
being quarantined for clothes research
afraid of becoming the research target
the panic Nick manages to flee away from
CIA agents under the chaos when the
building is turning to be totally
invisible he tries to hell for a ride
from a coming truck but almost got
killed with no choice Nick has to stun a
drunkard and hails for a taxi by use of
the drunk man's body before he finally
makes his way home
the CIA agent convinces his supervisor
not to notify CIA headquarter so that
they can capture and take use of Nick
who could be the perfect secret agent
the whole accident is covered up by the
following news which enrages Nick
extremely soon realizing he's followed
up by agents nick has to run away from
his home under his invisibility and goes
at large at a camp unable to endure the
sufferings from invisibility Nick
approaches the laboratory
surfer helped to reverse his condition
but the doctor can offer no help because
it's just an accident without any
scientific explanation at all Nick soon
spotted out by the agents waiting there
he has to run at large again while the
poor professor gets killed later to keep
Nick's invisibility a secret with
nowhere to hide
Nick plans to fight back he then sneaks
inside the CIA headquarter trying to
figure out the agents evil plan against
him
unfortunately he falls into sleep with
the noise accidentally made by Nick the
agent discovers Nick and tries to
recruit him as a secret agent but Nick
is disgusted by the idea of him killing
people after a confrontation with the
agent Nick gets away successfully taking
him as hostage Nick later decides to
hide far away from the danger so he
stays secretly in his friend Georgia's
remote vacation beach house where he
soon got used to his new life many days
later Jorge arrives at the beach house
for the weekend with his friends and
Alice they discover somebody might have
hidden in the house but find nothing at
the night party Nick tricks a guy making
fun of him and sneaks inside Alice's
room waiting for the time to tell her
the truth however he's interrupted by a
guy who wants to take over Alice's body
with a fake excuse Nick helps Alice to
get rid of a Ladykiller and keeps guard
of his loved beauty for the whole night
the next day Nick phones Alice and tells
her to meet him nearby he and reveals
his condition to Alice resulting in her
prompt fading out after Alice revives
and knows the truth she decides to stay
with Nick and help the poor man later
she farewells George and his friends and
stays behind with Nick planning for a
new life she makes up a physical face
for Nick and enjoys a happy dating at a
local bar however he agents track them
down and follow up to the beach house
they are lucky enough to escape the
hunting for they've not stayed in the
house at critical moment when being safe
they kissed each other romantically to
the rain which outlines Nick's body
figure the next day you decide to head
for Mexico on train where the agents
follow up and take control of Palace
while Nick is soon shot by a
tranquilizer gun he manages to flee away
before he falls into a river
the Train fortunately Nik survives and
struggles his way back to save Alice
hidden pretends to exchange himself for
the safe of Alice the agent agrees the
exchange and puts Alice into a cab while
ordering his men to surround the phone
booth where he thinks Nick is but the
man in the phone booth turns out to be
Jorge Nick is disguised as the cab
driver he takes Alice away without
longer time for a happy reunion
they get pursued tightly by the agents
being stopped Nick has to make him
invisible with his clothes off except
for his head due to the makeup under the
type chase Nick washes his head with
water making his head and visible again
the agent follows him up to the building
top where by taking off his jacket Nick
tricks the agent into thinking that he
has become desperate enough to commit
suicide Nick holds the jacket out to his
side and pretends to begin to fall while
the agent lunges at the jacket try to
save Nick but ends up plunging off the
building to his death believing her
honey Nick to be dead it released Alice
sorrows for him who reunites with her
secretly they soon leave her somewhere
in Switzerland where they are enjoying a
peaceful life and welcoming a baby to be
born by Ellis mrs. Daniel CC movie
review bye